OPEN INFINITY BACKUP
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This directory structure follows the convention described below. There are
three scripts, stream-backup, stream-restore and cluster-sync, that take 
care of running scripts in the sub directories. Those two scripts are 
executed by cloud-backup Java process in the CMT host and should not be 
modified. Deployment-specific modifications can be made in the following 
directories:

cluster-backup-before.d
    The scripts in this directory are run on each node before the actual 
    backup-related scripts are run.

cluster-backup-after.d
    The scripts in this directory are run after all per-node backups are
    finished.

cluster-restore-before.d
    The scripts in this directory are run on each node before the actual 
    restore-related scripts are run.

cluster-restore-after.d
    The scripts in this directory are run after all per-node restores are
    finished.

node-backup-before.d
    Files in this directory are executed before the actual backup is taken.
    Usually these scripts prepare the directory structure for backup and
    make needed database dumps and process shutdowns etc.

node-backup-after.d
    Files in this directory are executed after the actual backup is completed.
    These scripts clean up everything made by the before-backup.d scripts.
    Typically this includes deleting database dumps and starting processes.

node-restore-before.d
    Prepares the node for restoring a directory structure for backup.
    
node-restore-after.d
    These scripts are executed after the backup directory is restored. 
    Process restarts, database imports and other similar tasks should be done
    at this phase. After all is completed possible database dumps needed by
    the import should be deleted.

common
    Files to be included by the scripts in the directories above.

include-dirs.d
    Each of the files in this directory should contain a single string
    identifying directory to be backed up. If there are no files in this 
    directory, the whole /opt will be backed up. The directory strings
    have to be absolute and without spaces or special characters.
    It's possible that before-restore.d scripts create files in this 
    directory.
        
exclude-rules.d
    Files with exclude rules to the directories defined in the include-dirs.
    File format should be compatible with the -X switch of tar command.

If your deployment doesn't follow purely Open Infinity standard deployment
model, but includes some legacy elements and modifications, it's better,
that you create new scripts under the directories mentioned above,
to make your backup cover your customizations.

The final backup archives are encrypted and stored in an Amazon S3 compatible 
storage.
